# CS-370
Coursework Done in CS-370: Current/Emerging Trends in CS


For this project, I was given the setup for a Deep-Q Learning reinforcement learning model. I was tasked with finishing the code with the pirate being able to win the game 100% of the time consistently and quickly. I was given the majority of the code besides the full Deep-Q Learning section, where I had to validate and set the epochs and training variables. I took exploration and exploitation into play with this, and since we were aiming for quick results, I went more towards exploitation. After doing this, the machine was able to beat the game very consistently in a very quick manner. It took about 18 minutes for it to declare it was 100% finished. 

Computer scientists solve problems, create ideas, optimize the ideas, and implement them unto real-world applications. This means a great deal in the way the modern world runs now, as everything is digital. Now, we are in the age of AI, and computer scientists have this as their main focus. As we can see, machines are getting very good at mastering things, and doing it very quickly at that. To approach a problem as a computer scientist with this project, I first had to fully understand everything I was looking at. I needed to know how everything would connect to what I was going to code, and what exactly it would affect. From there, it was debugging and hours of testing. Once I found the perfect way to configure the epoch variations, it was able to finish quickly. My ethical considerations to the end user and organization must ensure that what I develop is clean, unbiased, fair and secure. Doing this means a fair and reliable system for others to see and use. 
